.TH SCRAM 1 "1/2/2004" "scram" "scram manual page"

.SH NAME
scram \- an extensible VHDL analyzer/code generator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scram  [options] file[s]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.I scram
is a parser for the VHDL '93 hardware description language.  VHDL
descriptions are parsed into the AIRE intermediate form.  SCRAM can
output either VHDL or C++ output.  The C++ output is in a form
suitable for linking with the TyVIS VHDL simulation kernel.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.B \--debug-symbol-table
Generate additional output to aid in the debugging of items stored in
the symbol table.  Probably only useful for developers.
.TP
.B \--debug-gen-cc-ref
Inserts comments into the generated code showing where in the code
generator various lines were produced.  Probably only useful for
developers.
.TP
.B \--design-library-name <library name>
Generate code into the logical library named.  Will create a directory
called <library name>._savant_lib if such a directory is not found in
VHDL_LIBRARY_PATH or the builtin search path.
.TP
.B \--no-file-output
Generate C++ output to stdout instead of files.
.TP
.B \--warranty-info
Shows a message about the lack of warranty.
.TP
.B \--vhdl-93
Process input as conforming to IEEE standard 1076-1993.  This is the
default.
.TP
.B \--vhdl-ams
Process input as conforming to IEEE standard 1076.1-1999, or VHDL-AMS.
Highly experimental - assume that it is broken.
.TP
.B \--vhdl-2001
Process input as conforming to 1076-2001.  Experimental.
.TP
.B \--version
Output version information.
.TP
.B \--verbose
Verbose parsing - will show the search paths that the analyzer is using to
locate libraries and additional information.
.TP
.B \-help
prints a usage statement.

.SH AUTHORS
Philip A. Wilsey and Dale Martin, and many others.  See the AUTHORS file
that ships with the source archive, which can be downloaded from
<http://www.cliftonlabs.com/savant/download>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 1993-2003 The University of Cincinnati.  All rights
reserved.  No guarantee whatsoever is provided by UC.  No liability
whatsoever is accepted for any loss or damage of any kind resulting from
any defect or inaccuracy in this information or code.

.SH BUGS
Many bugs.  Those that are known can be found at
<http://www.cliftonlabs.com/bugzilla>.  Feel free to report more and or
discuss on the mailing lists found at
